README.md, before:

# W3Schools Web Related Projects

## [Icon Bar][1-]

This requires the Font Awesome Icon library.

![icon-bar][1]

## [Animated Menu Icon][2-]

Toggle hamburger icon to x.

![menu-icon][2]

## [Accordions/Collapsibles][3-]

Toggle between hiding and showing large amount of content.

Accordiion - Collapsible content

![accordions][3]

## [Horizontal Tabs][4-]

Toggle between displaying different contents.

![horizontal-tabs][4]

## [Vertical Tabs][5-]

Toggle between displaying different contents.

![vertical-tabs][5]

## [Tab Headers][6-]

Toggle between displaying different contents.

![tab-headers][6]

## [Responsive Nav Bar][7-]

Toggle between displaying different contents.

![desktop-nav-bar][7-1]
![mobile-nav-bar][7-2]

[1]: imgs/1-iconbar.png "Icon Bar"
[1-]: https://www.w3schools.com/howto/howto_css_icon_bar.asp "How To - Icon Bar"

[2]: imgs/2-menuicon.gif "Animated Menu Icon"
[2-]: https://www.w3schools.com/howto/howto_css_menu_icon.asp "How To - Menu Icon"

[3]: imgs/3-accordions.gif "Accordions/Collapsibles"
[3-]: https://www.w3schools.com/howto/howto_js_accordion.asp "How To - Collapsibles/Accordions"

[4]: imgs/4-horizontaltabs.gif "Horizontal Tabs"
[4-]: https://www.w3schools.com/howto/howto_js_tabs.asp "How To - Tabs"

[5]: imgs/5-verticaltabs.gif "Vertical Tabs"
[5-]: https://www.w3schools.com/howto/howto_js_vertical_tabs.asp "How To - Vertical Tabs"

[6]: imgs/6-tabheaders.gif "Tab Headers"
[6-]: https://www.w3schools.com/howto/howto_js_tab_header.asp "How To - Tab Headers"

[7-1]: imgs/7-responsivenavbar1.png "Desktop Nav Bar"
[7-2]: imgs/7-responsivenavbar2.gif "Mobile Nav Bar"
[7-]: https://www.w3schools.com/howto/howto_js_topnav_responsive.asp "How To - Responsive Top Navigation"

Commit message:

Add animated menu icon as custom element

README.md, after:

# W3Schools Web Related Projects

## [Icon Bar][1-]

This requires the Font Awesome Icon library.

![icon-bar][1]

## [Animated Menu Icon][2-]

Toggle hamburger icon to x.

![menu-icon][2]

## [Accordions/Collapsibles][3-]

Toggle between hiding and showing large amount of content.

Accordiion - Collapsible content

![accordions][3]

## [Horizontal Tabs][4-]

Toggle between displaying different contents.

![horizontal-tabs][4]

## [Vertical Tabs][5-]

Toggle between displaying different contents.

![vertical-tabs][5]

## [Tab Headers][6-]

Toggle between displaying different contents.

![tab-headers][6]

## [Responsive Nav Bar][7-]

Desktop view of navigation bar.

![desktop-nav-bar][7-1]

Mobile view of navigation bar.

![mobile-nav-bar1][7-2]

Mobile view of navigation bar using Web Components.

This integrates an animated menu icon as a custom element.

![mobile-nav-bar2][7-3]

[1]: imgs/1-iconbar.png "Icon Bar"
[1-]: https://www.w3schools.com/howto/howto_css_icon_bar.asp "How To - Icon Bar"

[2]: imgs/2-menuicon.gif "Animated Menu Icon"
[2-]: https://www.w3schools.com/howto/howto_css_menu_icon.asp "How To - Menu Icon"

[3]: imgs/3-accordions.gif "Accordions/Collapsibles"
[3-]: https://www.w3schools.com/howto/howto_js_accordion.asp "How To - Collapsibles/Accordions"

[4]: imgs/4-horizontaltabs.gif "Horizontal Tabs"
[4-]: https://www.w3schools.com/howto/howto_js_tabs.asp "How To - Tabs"

[5]: imgs/5-verticaltabs.gif "Vertical Tabs"
[5-]: https://www.w3schools.com/howto/howto_js_vertical_tabs.asp "How To - Vertical Tabs"

[6]: imgs/6-tabheaders.gif "Tab Headers"
[6-]: https://www.w3schools.com/howto/howto_js_tab_header.asp "How To - Tab Headers"

[7-1]: imgs/7-responsivenavbar1.png "Desktop Nav Bar"
[7-2]: imgs/7-responsivenavbar2.gif "Mobile Nav Bar"
[7-3]: imgs/7-responsivenavbar3.gif "Mobile Nav Bar"
[7-]: https://www.w3schools.com/howto/howto_js_topnav_responsive.asp "How To - Responsive Top Navigation"
